perhaps more than any of these other
purple question videos I really want you
to do this one because it draws out a
certain misconception that's
surprisingly common and will confuse you
okay so in this question you are given
the dog launcher class it creates an
array of dogs it then passes that Arab
dogs to the Maximizer max function okay
so much like the main method we saw
before here we have the dog class
exactly like we saw before I'm gonna
cross this out in a moment not yet and
here we have the Maximizer class and in
this Maximizer class we have only one
method public static are comfortable max
there's no main method in the Maximizer
class so now the question is if we
delete the compareto method completely
completely out of the dog class and
leave everything else untouched which of
these four files fails to compile is a
dog launcher dog Maximizer or the actual
interface itself are comfortable so
think about that because I think this is
just a very and it's been out for long
it takes you to come up with an answer
you're happy with and if you like you
can use IntelliJ by grabbing the lecture
code repo to experiment on your own okay
so let's jump on in we go here and we go
to our dog class and we say we are going
to delete the compareto method and as
soon as we do that we see that dog
itself no longer compiles and the reason
is that dog claims to be in are
comparable so what does the compiler do
it checks are comparable and it says do
you have a compare to method well in
fact you don't so you're lying you're
lying about being in are comparable and
I'm not gonna let your compiled okay so
in this case it's dog it's the other one
second question let's suppose we now
delete implements are comparable and
only this what's going to happen which
of these files perhaps multiple failed
to compile so I'm letting you pause
ponder
okay so I'm gonna go into implements are
comparable and I'm gonna delete this and
we see the dog seems to compile just
fine and in fact makes some sense right
I mean you don't have to be and are
comparable to implement the compareto
method just like you don't have to be
the actual Santa Claus to wear a Santa
hat I mean the real Santa he should
probably wear a Santa hat but it doesn't
matter if you're not really in our
comfortable in our car people you can
still have a compare to method alright
so now that let's say actually keep it
con oops what am i doing okay so let's
get rid of our comparable again I don't
know why I put it back let's look at
let's say Maximizer Maximizer seems fine
how about our comfortable seems fine as
well dog launcher mmm there's a problem
our comparable cannot be applied to doc
okay what's that all about well I'm
trying to provide an array of dogs to
this Maximizer max function however
Maximizer dot max expects an array of
our comparables well the compiler has to
think is an array of dogs an array of
our comparables what looks at the dog
class it season though our comparable
tag and so that means no no a dog is not
an are comparable so an array of dogs is
not allowed to go in this box okay
so in this case the answer is dog
launcher is the problem so what Josh
okay maybe you got that question right
but actually quite a lot of people get
it wrong and it was interesting the
first time I asked this question I was
surprised how many people thought the
answer was Maximizer and the reason is
students figure oh well you're trying to
compare things that are not actually our
comparables however remember the
compiler happens before any code is even
run right it's a verification that
everything checks out and in fact if you
look at the Maximizer class I mean it
may be that nobody's ever even
implemented our comfortable maybe this
code was written 2,000 years ago and the
only thing they had was are comfortable
and Maximizer but they hadn't yet
implemented it as dog or cat or horse or
a list or anything there were no our
comparables no actual specific
instantiations of this just the
interface this code operates at a higher
level of abstraction than all of that it
doesn't deal with the earth
we world of dogs and so forth and so it
shouldn't matter what anybody does in
terms of messing up the implementation
the original code here should work and
this is an incredibly important point
that I really want you to make sure you
absolutely get now if you didn't
understand my video explanation of the
specific compilation airs maybe try it
out on your own and IntelliJ again the
lecture code repo has this so you can
play around in your own or you can see
these text-based descriptions of the
answers but really make sure you get
this